So we're almost done with this refresher which is not that short because Angular is quite complex and
I want to conclude this by making sure that whilst we are waiting for the response, I'm not showing nothing,
instead it would be nice to have some let's say text here loading and we show that and you could easily
imagine that this is a spinner you're showing whilst you're waiting for the response
or maybe you have something like fetching data here.
Now I want to show this
as long as we don't have a response and remove it as soon as we do have it. Well to implement this, I
will add a new property in the persons component and I'll simply name this isFetching
and initially it's false let's say, it's a boolean therefore and in ngOnInit before I fetch persons,
I'll
set this to
this isFetching true, so I'll set it to true.
But whenever I got a new list here, whenever I got new persons, I'll set it to false again
and just because this comes first does not mean that it runs first because this part here in this function
we pass to subscribe will only run when this is triggered which is not the case immediately.
So now isFetching switches between false and true depending on whether we are loading or not.
Now we can use another directive here in the template, the ngIf directive, *ngIf
and here we can pass in a condition which controls whether this element and its child elements should
be shown or not.
And this should be shown if isFetching is true and the unordered list should be shown if it is false,
so if it is not true. And with this implemented if I save that, you see fetching data and once the
data is there, you see the list, here it is again.
So that is another important structural directive Angular offers and it's important to be aware of that one.